here behind me we sometimes have problems
special in 1984
come bmw with the engineering department and me
was allowed to develop beautiful things and
This is the first result of that
department say of bmw and 2 seater
biggest that was the first two since
grilles is the 507 that puts one on them
keep them specially designed by
harm lagaaij a Dutchman
if it's good and he really has it
something very special made of it
cars almost entirely of plastic
anyway all panels say this is
all plastic on it had to be easy
can be replaced whole story
will come back later
but of course the element of this BMW
z1 that everyone is always talking about
is this what fantastic door is anyway
great and can just drive it that way
come we go i will tell you more about the
tell what it is that special
sometimes at least twelve boarding roswell
the clear things
so smoothly supersonic
therefore about that design immediately
briefly some further elaboration it
design from harm lagaaij
that man that really does study it
made
the downforce is very important for that
that car would have a good road holding
to get
we have the way for that but also one
plastic bottom plate to ensure it
a very nice clean
airflow under the car and the the
muffler of the exhausts really goes that far
It is the muffler of the exhaust is such
designed the air that is over there
flows
yet again extra language for shined is that
that comes the beautiful way
This car is really bizarre
is going to get see all sorts
and things and shapes, and slots, and in
the bodywork that ensure the
air completely optimal
led along that body what then again
funny is what exactly is natural
completely contrary to the fact that you
things can drive with open doors
because yes ok so already gone I would mine
window on you can do it right
nice so will the script is light pot
article is ahoy
truck technique the bmw z1 that shares whole
much with the bmw e30 3 series
not the doors that are not there but it is
things the chassis and also for example
the engine block
perhaps an m20 b25 block in this car
in the fair know then that it is about
a block from the 325 i
which at the time they me me as I 30 3 series on
the market there was a 170 hp block plane and
makes sure you feel like there
can send to the 100 for nine seconds and
just two thick dog 20 kilometers per
hour
yes you tend to enjoy doing that
to go corners and to a hefty it is
speed to hunt but this car has 900
driven so technically
is in the disagreement reason with them
car from 1989 when we delivered this one
from the first they only see 21
and he just did not intervene so yes me
don't you go walk number but can
notice everything that this car really
intended to steer very precisely 8
hour drive of course is the too
nice balance for those who only need
but to send
when bmw she introduced this car
yes i would say they want one
bit hyper and so you can see well
to, for example, the coating of the
seats
nicely can flash print somewhat newer
is totally hip
cameraman my garden has this with a
sweater that fits you exactly
but zhao it may not be everyone
taste it we say it is
again the danger of this kind
stuff
but furthermore simon that fashionable want be
your leg had thought it would be cool
as owners of the bmw z1 that car
just could buy with two
colors
And yes how then they are all
plastic down the idea was that you then
could remove those panels themselves or
could have a paragraph done in
about 40 minutes
could have the other set assembled
so for example you now this car
carried out in how a group of men would
you maybe a what and a red set
Panels buy there you would
just a football club can be
can drive with different colors
say look new car
but the system thought out some BMW
maybe it's good
word a bit to actually german one
little about bmw
because it appears in practice that two
days in man-hours costs on all panels
to take this car off and on again
assemble
2 days so once much practical as
you want to erase color
bmw z1 that we have with us today
who have lived with our good
friends of noa classics
in drachten and yes I say so about it
cars that we borrow from her this one
really feels like new or looks like
new
or has been restored to new condition
but that is just really this way now
out is just new
actually so you should see it state 900
kilometer on the counter and is completely in
original state
the paint is never 100% original
do not expect more car arranged
kilometer is also a bit logical
of course it's just really a whole
pretty exabyte how i green metallic
and you like him for 57 a half thousand
raise euros
yes and that is of course a reasonable one
safe investment for a car
you will hardly be able to find this state anywhere
probably find it is just
stuff when investment is purchased and
maybe 10,000 euros in five years
worth more and give it a try
with gold or with shares to achieve that
kind of save with it your cars are not
just fun to drive
they are just very sensible things
to buy so you just need a lot
just buy do it